---
layout: default
title: World Congress of Chemical Engineers 2017
description: Chem-E-Car's Last Run
date: 2019-10-06
---

It is hard to believe that under a year ago in San Francisco, that a professor apporached our group and told us to go to Spain for Chem-E-Car. It is even harder to believe that we fundraised for the money, signed up, and took our car to the world stage to showcase our car and compete against Universities from around the world. The competition was fierce. The competition distance was to be 21 meters. Our car went just a meter over and we placed 9th out of 22 with the winning car coming in at 0.6 centimeters from the finish line. Congratulations Persian Gulf University! While we didn't come first in the competition, we made up for it in other regards. 

Placing first in the jeapordy section, The University of British Colombia took home 750 Euros and one of our team members took home first place for his research in the biomedical category! That's another 500 Euros! Our team stayed in Barcelona after the student portion of the conference to attend the other parts of the World congress and see the city. The amazing thing was that Barcelona was hosting 2 other conferences as well as 2 tradeshows at the same time! We had the opportunity to see companies showcasing their 3d printers, injection moulding, laboratory equipment, pumps and valves and much more! We joined the IoT conference to see the state of IoT on today's society. Some things were very interesting. Others... well, the thought is there. As IoT is such a buzzword we had a lot of food and drinks there; all the money is there.


All in all, it was a wonderful trip. It will be the last trip this Chem-E-Car team takes together. I hope that the new team will have the same opportunities. 

